Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 00bf1be4-51e6-414f-b6e1-87be2fa95adb
Review date: July 13, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (31)

Guideline 2.3.7 - Performance - Accurate Metadata


Issue Description

The app screenshots include references to the price of the app or the service it provides, which is not considered an appropriate part of these metadata items.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, remove any references to pricing from the app's metadata. If you would like to advertise changes to the app's price, consider including this information in the app description.

Resources

For information on how to revise the app name, please review Renaming a Project or App.
Guideline 5.1.1(iv) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage


Issue Description

The app encourages or directs users to allow the app to access the location. Specifically, the app directs the user to grant permission in the following way(s): 

- A custom message appears before the permission request, and to proceed users press a "Allow location" button. Use words like "Continue" or "Next" on the button instead.
- A custom message appears before the permission request, and the user can close the message and delay the permission request with the "Skip" button. The user should always proceed to the permission request after the message. 

Permission requests give users control of their personal information. It is important to respect their decision about how their data is used.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise the permission request process in the app to not display messages before the permission request with inappropriate words on buttons and not include an exit button on the message before the permission request.

If necessary, you may provide more information about why you are requesting permission before the request appears. If the user is trying to use a feature in the app that won't function without access to the location, you may include a notification to inform the user and provide a link to the Settings app. 

Resources 

- Learn more about data collection and storage requirements in guideline 5.1.1. 
- Learn more about designing appropriate permission requests.
Guideline 5.1.1(ii) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

One or more purpose strings in the app do not sufficiently explain the use of protected resources. Purpose strings must clearly and completely describe the app's use of data and, in most cases, provide an example of how the data will be used.

Next Steps

Update the location purpose string to explain how the app will use the requested information and provide a specific example of how the data will be used. See the attached screenshot.

Resources

Purpose strings must clearly describe how an app uses the ability, data, or resource. The following are hypothetical examples of unclear purpose strings that would not pass review: 

- "App would like to access your Contacts"
- "App needs microphone access"

See examples of helpful, informative purpose strings.
Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas

Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.
