Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 935f677d-047a-4e15-9542-a4ccff39c1c1
Review date: July 14, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (32)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

We were unable to review the app because it crashed on launch. We have attached detailed crash logs to help troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5.2

Next Steps

To address the crash in the app, follow these steps:

1. Fully symbolicate the crash report. See Adding Identifiable Symbol Names to a Crash Report for an explanation of the symbolication process.
2. Match the crash report to a common pattern. Based on the pattern, take specific actions to further investigate the crash. See Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes.
3. Test the app on a device to ensure that it now runs as expected.
4. Once the crash is addressed, create and submit a new build for review.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

For additional information on crash reports, see Diagnosing Issues Using Crash Reports and Device Logs.
Guideline 5 - Legal


Issue Description

As you may know, the Chinese government has been tightening regulations associated with deep synthesis technologies (DST) and generative AI services, including ChatGPT. DST must fulfill permitting requirements to operate in China, including securing a license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) if the services are provided while connected to the Internet. 


Based on our review, the app appears to be associated with ChatGPT, which does not have requisite permits to operate in China. Specifically, the app's metadata includes the following references to ChatGPT and/or OpenAI: OpenAI, GPT.

Accordingly, pursuant to local Chinese law, this functionality must be deactivated in the version of the app that you make available on the China App Store and all references to ChatGPT or OpenAI must be removed from metadata fields such as app name, subtitle, promotional text, app description, and screenshots.

Next Steps

Since this app cannot be approved with ChatGPT functionality and/or metadata references in China, it would be appropriate to make the necessary changes, update the Review Notes to confirm you've suppressed this functionality, and resubmit the app for review. 

If you do not wish to make these changes, you can choose to not distribute this app in China by deselecting the China mainland storefront in the Availability settings in App Store Connect.

If you believe you are already in compliance with the above-mentioned local law, you may reply to this message in App Store Connect and provide additional information. Apps with ChatGPT functionality or metadata references can continue to be used in apps outside of China.

To offer the app in China with this functionality, please seek professional advice on compliance with the Administrative Provisions on Deep Synthesis of Internet-based Information Services.

Resources

- See how to change the app's Availability setting in App Store Connect.
- Learn more about legal requirements for apps on the App Store in guideline 5.
Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas

Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review